add a note about the --compose-env-file flag (#1358)
localstack/docs: content/en/references/configuration.md

| `HOSTNAME_FROM_LAMBDA` | `localstack` | Endpoint host under which APIs are accessible from Lambda containers (optional). This can be useful in docker-compose stacks to use the local container hostname if neither IP address nor container name of the main container are available (e.g., in CI). Often used in combination with `LAMBDA_DOCKER_NETWORK`.|
| `LAMBDA_DISABLE_AWS_ENDPOINT_URL` | `0` (default) \| `1` | Whether to disable injecting the environment variable `AWS_ENDPOINT_URL`, which automatically configures [supported AWS SDKs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkref/latest/guide/feature-ss-endpoints.html). |
| `LAMBDA_DOCKER_DNS` | `""` (default) | Optional custom DNS server for the container running your Lambda function. Overwrites the default LocalStack [DNS Server]({{< ref "dns-server" >}}). Hence, resolving `localhost.localstack.cloud` requires additional configuration. |

> | `LAMBDA_DOCKER_FLAGS` | `-e KEY=VALUE`, `-v host:container`, `-p host:container`, `--add-host domain:ip` | Additional flags passed to Docker `run`\|`create` commands. Supports environment variables (also with `--env-file`, but the file has to be mounted into the LocalStack container), ports, volume mounts, extra hosts, networks, DNS servers, labels, ulimits, user, platform, and privileged mode. The `--env-file` for Docker `run` and Docker Compose have different feature sets. The `--env-file` for Docker `run` is used directly, while `--compose-env-file` supports placeholders with `${}`, replacing quotes, etc. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `LAMBDA_DOCKER_FLAGS` | `-e KEY=VALUE`, `-v host:container`, `-p host:container`, `--add-host domain:ip` | Additional flags passed to Docker `run`\|`create` commands. Supports environment variables (also with `--env-file`, but the file has to be mounted into the LocalStack container), ports, volume mounts, extra hosts, networks, DNS servers, labels, ulimits, user, platform, and privileged mode. The `--env-file` argument for Docker `run` and Docker Compose have different feature sets. To provide both, we support the `--env-file` for environment files with the docker run syntax, while `--compose-env-file` supports the full docker compose features, like placeholders with `${}`, replacing quotes, etc. |
```

{{< callout >}}
The `CONFIG_PROFILE` is a CLI feature and cannot be used with a Docker/Docker Compose setup.

For Docker setups, we recommend passing the environment variables directly to the `docker run` command.

> You can also set environment variables in a file and pass it to the LocalStack Docker container by using the `--compose-env-file` flag.

Reviewer: I think there is a misunderstanding how the `--compose-env-file` works. It only works in `LAMBDA_DOCKER_FLAGS`, `ECS_DOCKER_FLAGS` and the likes.

It is not a command line parameter for the CLI, nor for the docker CLI, nor will it work for the regular `DOCKER_FLAGS` which are used for starting the LocalStack container itself. It is purely a flag for container localstack starts on its own.
